Updated macOS installation guide with latest OpenMS download instruct… (#250)
OpenMS/OpenMS-docs: docs/about/installation/installation-on-macos.md

To install OpenMS on macOS, run the following steps:

1. Download and install the macOS drag-and-drop installer from the [archive](https://abibuilder.cs.uni-tuebingen.de/archive/openms/OpenMSInstaller/release/latest/).

> 2.Double click on the downloaded file. It will start to open the `OpenMS-<version>-macOS.pkg` installer file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Double click on the downloaded file. It will start to open the `OpenMS-<version>-macOS.pkg` installer file.
```

1. Download and install the macOS drag-and-drop installer from the [archive](https://abibuilder.cs.uni-tuebingen.de/archive/openms/OpenMSInstaller/release/latest/).
2. Double click on the downloaded file. It will start to open the `OpenMS-<version>-macOS.dmg` disk image file.

```{image} /_images/installations/macos/Warning-openMS-3.3.0-macOS-Silicon.pkg-Not-Opened.png
:alt: macOS warning message when opening OpenMS-<version>-macOS.pkg  
:width: 500px  
```

3. Bypassing Gatekeeper to Install OpenMS on macOS

```{image} /_images/installations/macos/docs/_images/installations/macos/Bypassing-Gatekeeper-to-Install-OpenMS-on-macOS.png
:alt: Bypassing Gatekeeper on macOS  
:width: 500px  

> ```

Author: done

1. Download and install the macOS drag-and-drop installer from the [archive](https://abibuilder.cs.uni-tuebingen.de/archive/openms/OpenMSInstaller/release/latest/).

> 2. Double click on the downloaded file. It will start to open the `OpenMS-<version>-macOS.dmg` disk image file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Double click on the downloaded file. It will start to open the `OpenMS-<version>-macOS.pkg` installer file.
```

Author: done.

> ```{image} /_images/installations/macos/Warning-openMS-3.3.0-macOS-Silicon.pkg-Not-Opened.png

Reviewer: This needs more information on why this warning appears, what to click there, and why it is safe to ignore in the next step.

Author: done.

:alt: macOS warning message when opening OpenMS-<version>-macOS.pkg  
:width: 500px  
```

> 3. Bypassing Gatekeeper to Install OpenMS on macOS

Reviewer: Please mention the alternative of removing the quarantine attribute from the command line.

Author: done

```{image} /_images/installations/macos/docs/_images/installations/macos/Bypassing-Gatekeeper-to-Install-OpenMS-on-macOS.png
:alt: Bypassing Gatekeeper on macOS  
:width: 500px  
```

4. Install OpenMS 

```{image} /_images/installations/macos/docs/_images/installations/macos/Installation-started.png
:alt: OpenMS installation started on macOS  
:width: 500px  
```

5. Agree to the license agreements.

```{image} /_images/installations/macos/license-agreements.png
:alt: License agreement
:width: 500px
```

6. Installation Comfirmation

```{image} /_images/installations/macos/Installation Successful Message.png
:alt: OpenMS installation successful  
:width: 500px  

> ```

Author: done
